Update Readmes for TestProxy CLI (#4277)
Azure/azure-sdk-tools: tools/test-proxy/documentation/asset-sync/README.md

| AssetsRepoPrefixPath | The assets repository may want to place the content under a specific path in the assets repo. The default is the language that the assets belong to. EG: `python`, `net`, `java` etc. |
| TagPrefix | `<Language>/<ServiceDirectory>` or `<Language>/<ServiceDirectory>/<Library>` or deeper if things are nested in such a manner. |
| Tag | Initially empty until after the first push at which point the tag will be the `<TagPrefix><Guid>` |

Comments within the assets.json are allowed and _maintained_ by the tooling. Feel free to leave notes to yourself. They will not be eliminated.

As one can see in the example image above, the test-proxy does the heavy lifting for push and pull of files to and from the assets repository.

## Restore, push, reset when proxy is waiting for requests

Interactions with the external assets repository are accessible when the proxy is actively serving requests. These are available through routes:

| Route | Description |
|---|---|
| `/Playback/Restore` | Retrieve files from external git repo as targeted in the Tag from assets.json |
| `/Playback/Reset` | Discard pending changes and reset to the original Tag from targeted assets.json. |

> | `/Record/Push` | Push changes if they are pending for files described by targeted assets.json. Updates the Tag in assets.json the new tag generated from the push operation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `/Record/Push` | Push changes if they are pending for files described by targeted assets.json. Updates the Tag in assets.json to match the new tag generated from the push operation. |
```

Author: I'll update with the next commit.

## test-proxy CLI commands

The test-proxy also offers interactions with the external assets repository as a CLI. Invoking `test-proxy --help` will show the available list of commands. `test-proxy <command> --help` will show the help and options for an individual command. The options for a given command are all `--<option>`, for example, `--assets-json-path`, but each option has an abbreviation shown in the help, those are a single dash. For example the abbreviation for `--assets-json-path` is `-a`.

### The following CLI commands are available for manipulation of assets

#### Restore

> Restore will pull the assets at the Tag, from the AssetsRepo referenced by the targeted assets.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A restore operation is merely a test-proxy-encapsulated `clone or pull` operation. A given `asets.json` provides the target `Tag` and `AssetsRepo`.
```

I don't like this really either, but I don't like what it is now.

Author: I'll update with the next commit.

```bash
> test-proxy restore --assets-json-path <assetsJsonPath>
```

#### Reset

> Reset will reset the assets back to the Tag, from the AssetsRepo referenced by the targeted assets.json. Reset would be used if the assets were already restored, modified (maybe re-recorded while library development was done), and then needed to be reset back to their original files. If there are pending changes, the user will be prompted to overwrite. If there are no pending changes, then reset is no-op, otherwise, the following prompt will be displayed.

Author: I'll update with the next commit.

`There are pending git changes, are you sure you want to reset? [Y|N]`

> Selecting N will leave things as they are, selecting Y will restore the assets back to their original files referenced by the Tag, from the AssetsRepo referenced by the targeted assets.json file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Selecting N will leave things as they are. 
- Selecting Y will discard pending changes and reset the locally cloned assets to the Tag within the targeted `assets.json`.
```

Author: I'll update with the next commit.
